README.md, before:

### Hi! I'm [Chinmay!](https://ubermayinch.github.io/blog/)
<br/>

- 🔭 I’m currently an Undergraduate Researcher at IIITH.
- 🌱 I’m currently learning Go and DSPy
- 💻 Tech Interests: Machine Learning (especially Generative AI), Algorithmic Programming, Web and App Development.
- 🧪 Research Interests: Network Science, Statistical Mechanics, Nonlinear Dynamics and Category Theoretical Applications to Biology, Physics, Neuroscience and AI.
- 📚 I also love learning, discussing and [writing](https://toomanycents.blogspot.com/) about philosophy, finance, rationality.
- 📝[Portfolio](https://ubermayinch.github.io/blog)
- 📫 How to reach me **chinmay.sharma@research.iiit.ac.in**



**Languages and Tools:**
<code><img height="20" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/python/python.png"></code>
<code><img height="20" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/cpp/cpp.png"></code>
<code><img height="20" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/mysql/mysql.png"></code>
<code><img height="20" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/git/git.png"></code>
<code><img height="20" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/terminal/terminal.png"></code>

![Chinmay's github stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=UberMayinch&show_icons=true&hide_border=true)

Commit message:

Revise README with current research focus
Updated personal information and research interests.

README.md, after:

### Hi! I'm [Chinmay!](https://ubermayinch.github.io/blog/)
<br/>

I’m currently an Undergraduate Researcher at the Lab for Networks and Nonlinear Dynamics at CCNSB, IIITH. 
I like studying Complex Adaptive Systems with interdisciplinary computational science.

I also like [writing](https://toomanycents.blogspot.com/) and product development.

Here's my [Portfolio](https://ubermayinch.github.io/blog)
You can reach me at **chinmay.sharma@research.iiit.ac.in**



**Languages and Tools:**
<code><img height="20" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/python/python.png"></code>
<code><img height="20" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/cpp/cpp.png"></code>
<code><img height="20" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/mysql/mysql.png"></code>
<code><img height="20" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/git/git.png"></code>
<code><img height="20" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/terminal/terminal.png"></code>

![Chinmay's github stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=UberMayinch&show_icons=true&hide_border=true)
